README.md, before:

# Introduction to Git and Github

## A short tutorial for the ICESat-2 2020 Online Hack Week

_Shane Grigsby, Aimee Barciauskas, Sebastian Alvis, Yara Mohajerani, Fernando Paolo, Fernando Pérez, Anthony Arendt, David Shean, Daniel Shapero, Tyler Sutterley, Jessica Scheick_

## Schedule (all times in PDT)

*Date:* June 10, 9am

- 8:45 - 9:00 AM [Anthony]: Getting connected
- 9:00 - 9:05 AM [Fernando Pérez]: Introduction and Motivation
- 9:05 - 9:15 AM [Fernando Pérez]: JupyterLab Basics
- 9:15 - 9:25 AM [Fernando Paolo]: Command Line Basics
- 9:25 - 9:40 AM [Fernando Pérez]: Git Fundamentals
- 9:40 - 10:00 AM [Anthony]: Git repositories
- 10:00 - 10:25 AM [Daniel]: HackWeek Github Worfklows
- 10:25 - 10:30 AM [Fernando Pérez]: Wrap up

## Accessing the Pangeo Hub 

https://icesat-2.hackweek.io/hub/login


## Credit

This collection of tutorials was adapted from the [ICESat-2 Hackweek tutorial](https://github.com/ICESAT-2HackWeek/intro-jupyter-git) by [@fperez](https://github.com/fperez)

Commit message:

Readme updates with new schedule.

README.md, after:

# Introduction to Git and Github

## A short tutorial for the ICESat-2 2020 Online Hack Week

_Shane Grigsby, Aimee Barciauskas, Sebastian Alvis, Yara Mohajerani, Fernando Paolo, Fernando Pérez, Anthony Arendt, David Shean, Daniel Shapero, Tyler Sutterley, Jessica Scheick_

## Schedule (all times in PDT)

*Date:* June 10.

From 8:45 to 9am, we'll have a pre-tutorial "getting connected" section. Please come to this part to ensure everyone is on the same page and we can all start together at 9am with the main content:

- 9:00-9:10 [Fernando Pérez]: [Overview of our basic tools and setup]: Jupyter and Pangeo
- 9:10-9:20 [Fernando Paolo]: Command Line Basics
- 9:20-9:40 [Fernando Pérez]: Git: Introduction and Fundamentals
- 9:40-10:00 [Anthony]: Git repositories
- 10:00-10:25 [Daniel]: HackWeek Github Worfklows
- 10:25-10:40 [Fernando Pérez]: Wrap up


https://icesat-2.hackweek.io/hub/login

## Setup
1. Login to JupyterHub:
    https://icesat-2.hackweek.io/hub/login
2. Open a Terminal:
    Find Terminal icon at the bottom (or click the + sign on the top left)
3. Clone GitHub repo (type on the terminal):
    `git clone https://github.com/ICESAT-2HackWeek/intro-git.git`

## Questions
    Post your question in the [#questions](https://icesat2hackweek.slack.com/archives/C014V14KA3G) channel on Slack.


## Credit

This collection of tutorials was adapted from the [ICESat-2 Hackweek tutorial](https://github.com/ICESAT-2HackWeek/intro-jupyter-git) by [@fperez](https://github.com/fperez)

## License

All code and content in this repository is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the BSD License. A copy of this license is provided in [LICENSE](LICENSE).
